Last time on "Sonic X."
Dr. Eggman sent a strange
new robot named Lucky
to search
for the last Chaos Emerald.
Meanwhile, Knuckles decided
the only way to get back home
was to convince the others
to join up with Dr. Eggman,
get all seven Emeralds
together,
and create Chaos Control.
Eggman pretended to agree
and fooled Knuckles and Chris
into handing over
their Chaos Emeralds
and then escaped
with Chris held hostage.
Can Sonic make it in time
to get back the Chaos Emeralds
and save his friend?
Stay tuned.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Good morning, children.
Come on, it's time to play.
Look, everybody.
It's my favorite TV star.
[Laughter]
Huh? [Gasps]
- GIRL: It's him!
- Dr. Eggman!
He's back again!
What's he up to?
Whatever it is, it's not good.
[All shout]
That was Sonic!
DEKOE: Dr. Eggman,
Sonic is following us.
Sonic, hurry!
He is gaining on us.
We have to do something.
Who cares about him,
especially when the seventh
Chaos Emerald is waiting for me?
[Beeping]
MAN:
Eggman's ship is making its way
toward Station Square, sir.
What measures are being taken?
A total evacuation?
WOMAN:
Yes, Mr. President.
While we're not sure exactly
where Eggman is headed,
we have begun evacuation
of the entire southern region.
Everything is under control.
I've been dreading
something like this,
but now that the time has come,
I just hope we're ready for it.
Thank you.
Mr. President, sir, we've just
received word from the field.
The beetles are being put
into place.
Well, it won't be long now.
We'll all have to wait and see.
There's nothing more
any of us can do.
Nothing but hope for the best
and prepare for the worst.
Just keep her steady.
He can't be far.
Just give it a bit more,
and let's go get him, Tails.
ROUGE:
Topaz, it's gorgeous!
It's okay.
I just don't know what to say.
If you don't like it,
I can take it back, Rouge.
I don't really know anything
about jewelry,
so I asked a sales clerk,
and she helped me pick it out.
It's dreamy.
It's nice.
Thanks, Topaz.
You deserve it.
I just wanted to thank you
for your help.
I really messed up.
How could I have
trusted Eggman?
[Beeping]
Ahh.
There's my little
good-luck charm.
I just knew he'd bring back
the Chaos Emerald.
I am surprised
he did not drop it.
He sure is a klutz, isn't he?
Hey, he is a bit clumsy.
I'd better grab that Emerald.
Lucky, come to Daddy!
Sorry, Pops,
you gotta be faster than that.
Ugh!
Why does that heinous hedgehog
always have to ruin everything?
That is just our luck.
Bad!
[Beeping]
Huh?
But my Emerald!
Ha ha.
Don't worry.
I'll keep it
safe and sound for you.
All right!
Don't even think about it,
Sonic!
That Chaos Emerald is mine,
do you hear me?
Mine!
He would not dare!
We must do something, Doctor!
Too bad.
You just missed me.
Nice try, though, Doc.
Was it your idea
to send those robots?
I do not get ideas, Doctor.
Good boy.
[Chuckles]
Where are they coming from,
Doctor?
Huh?
Beetle One to Beetle Two,
we're in position.
Hang on.
Sonic's in the line of fire.
Sonic, this is an official
government operation.
Please stand aside.
I repeat, stand aside.
We are launching an attack.
Attack? But my friend Chris
is trapped inside there!
Whoa! Ah!
We can't waste time.
Open fire.
Those fools.
How dare they attack me?
You gotta listen!
My friend Chris is... Aah!
Aah!
My, my, that was a close one.
It is a good thing we put
the Egg Shield up in time.
Next time,
we may not be so lucky.
Quiet!
Don't you mention that traitor
again, you hear?
Now, let me see.
How can I get
my Chaos Emerald back?
Doctor, look at this.
At what?
This is the inside
of their robot.
It is just like yours, Doctor.
How dare those
underhanded hoodlums
steal my ingenious robot designs
to use in that revoltingly
inferior eyesore
hunk-of-junk monstrosity!
I'll show that gang
of sneak thieves
what happens
when they cross Dr. Eggman.
Please, Doctor, do not be rash.
Lucky is inside there.
Don't worry about him.
With his dumb luck, he'll come
out without a scratch.
I would not count on it.
Fire!
Hey, cool it, Eggman!
Somebody might get hurt!
That was the idea.
Launch Egg Beam Cannonball!
Ha ha!
Looks like that one
did the trick!
One of these days, you are going
to blow up the whole planet.
It's a distinct possibility,
Bocoe, but I'd rather do that
than have Sonic get
those Emeralds from me.
[Beeping]
That voice.
It was Lucky!
Not that backward, bumbling,
bad-luck charm again!
The enemy aircraft,
and not a single scratch.
The doctor really knows
how to build a good ship.
Unfortunately.
I wonder if it's possible
to be too much of a genius
for your own good.
I wonder what happened to...
It's Sonic!
That answered my question.
How could that hedgehog survive
the Egg Beam Cannonball?
It looks like you missed.
I'll have you know
the Egg Beam Cannonball
is engineered to hit
the bull's-eye every time.
But Sonic is a hedgehog,
not a bull.
I'll try to forget
you said that.
- [Beeping]
- There's no time to waste.
We have to retrieve
our boy Lucky
and get that seventh
Chaos Emerald before Sonic does.
BOTH:
Yes, Doctor.
Uh-oh. Eggman's on a mission
to get that Chaos Emerald.
Not if I can help it.
It looks like Eggman's ship
is on the move again.
We got him covered.
All right, gentlemen,
it is now takeoff time.
Oh, dear, I didn't know
Lucky could fly so high.
How will we ever catch him?
What if he drops
the Emerald, Doctor?
That Emerald doesn't belong
to you, anyway!
Speak only when spoken to!
Now's my chance.
Wow, that was quite a leap.
I said knock it off.
TOGETHER:
Oh.
Sonic!
We are in trouble.
What if he gets that
Chaos Emerald away from Lucky?
That would be very unlucky.
Gotcha.
Oh, just relax.
I'm your friend, little guy.
I'm not going to hurt you.
But that Chaos Emerald you found
is really important
to me and my friends,
so I'm going to take it
off your hands.
EGGMAN:
What's he doing?
Why isn't he flying away?
Hey, this is kind of fun.
All right.
There goes your lucky robot,
Doctor.
He may be lucky,
but he is not very loyal.
Be quiet!
He dares to betray me, does he?
I'll show that traitorous
tin can not to mess with me!
Doctor, are you thinking
what I think you are thinking?
I think that is
what he is thinking.
Good thinking.
For the first time,
I, the great Dr. Eggman,
will transform the Egg Fort II
into the greatest robot
ever created.
I was saving it
for a special occasion,
but why put it off any longer?
After all, I'm feeling lucky!
Get ready!
Begin Egg Fort II
transformation!
Merge mode number one.
Merge mode number two.
Merge mode number three.
[Laughs evilly]
Say hello to my ultimate robot
creation, the Egg-Sterminator.
My, my.
Bet you think you're
pretty impressive, don't you?
You may be big and strong,
but I bet you don't move
as fast as I do.
Come on, Egghead,
what are you waiting for?
Oh, dear.
He certainly is impatient,
isn't he?
But I say,
"Why rush into things?"
The six Chaos Emeralds!
Don't worry.
I'm keeping them safe and sound
for future use.
In the meantime, I'll transfer a
bit of energy from each Emerald
into the Egg-Sterminator
so it can grow stronger.
[Laughs]
Guess the Egg-Sterminator's
got him on the run, kid.
He's using the Chaos Emeralds
to beat Sonic,
and it's all my fault.
I'm sorry!
Huh?
Sonic!
That thing packs quite a punch.
Yeah, he's got
a good right hook.
Sonic had better surrender.
With six Chaos Emeralds to
power him, my boy is unbeatable.
Please, Dr. Eggman,
let Sonic go free.
I'm afraid I can't do that
just yet, so, sorry.
We're coming, Sonic!
AMY:
Quick, Tails, do something!
The X Tornado can't do much
of anything now.
Not without a Chaos Emerald.
All right, I guess
I'll have to take care
of that hunk of junk myself!
Hold on!
Whoa!
MAN:
Target in sight.
What the...
SONIC: The beetles.
They've been wiped out!
Wow. He really is powerful,
isn't he?
Good thing he is on our side.
Even I'm impressed.
SONIC:
Eggman!
Listen up.
I'm coming for Chris, and
you better not try to stop me.
How could Sonic survive
a pounding like that?
I don't get it.
He ought to be
Egg-Sterminated by now.
So he should.
That hedgehog is much
more resilient than I thought.
SONIC:
I'm coming, Chris!
He's sure is a glutton
for punishment.
What's going on?
Egg-Sterminator,
quit wasting power, will you?
We must conserve
between battles.
[Grunting]
Can't you move in a bit closer?
No way.
It's too dangerous.
He must be using the Emeralds
to power that thing.
Think, Knuckles, think.
Sonic!
ALL:
Huh?
All right, Egg-Sterminator.
Enough fooling around.
Drop him already.
Good idea.
[Shouting]
[Whimpers]
No!
Why, you...
Aah!
My Emeralds!
They're mine.
Mine.
I won't.
I won't let you take them
away from me ever again.
Ever.
That mealymouthed little crybaby
shouldn't be so reckless.
After all, those Emeralds are
powering the Egg-Sterminator.
Without them, this thing would
be sent plummeting into the sea!
It is interesting, Doctor.
As a matter of fact, we should
be plummeting any moment now.
I am sorry, Doctor, but
did you just say "plummeting"?
- Don't just stand there!
- Yes, Doctor.
Where is Chris?
I'm taking him with me.
Well, if it isn't
our good friend Knuckles.
How nice of you to drop in
on us for a visit.
I think he's upset!
He's coming with me,
and that's that.
I said where is he?
What did you do with Chris?
ROUGE: Enough Emeralds
for a whole necklace
and maybe some
matching earrings.
Sonic.
Let me go.
No way.
Not after all the trouble
I went through.
Sonic.
Oh, no!
He made me drop
my Chaos Emeralds.
Oh.
Oh, well,
there goes my new jewelry.
Aah!
The Egg-Sterminator
is malfunctioning,
and it's all because
of that thieving brat!
That's right.
Where's Chris?
You're awfully fresh.
Aah!
TAILS:
We're coming, Chris!
Could it be?
Amy, I think it's Sonic!
It might be, but where's
that glow coming from?
Doctor, something is happening!
The Egg-Sterminator
is losing its grip!
This is not good.
What do we do now, Doctor?
We do nothing.
Right at this very moment,
those seven Chaos Emeralds
are mingling together
way down in the bottom
of the sea.
The great moment
has finally come.
Are you saying
what I think you are saying?
Yes, I think that is
what he is saying.
Let Chaos Control begin.
Well, Knuckles,
your wish came true,
but I got some
unfinished business.
Take this, Eggman.
Oh, no.
I think we're in Chaos Control.
It's Chaos Control, Chuck.
You'll be sent back with us.
Don't worry.
It'll be my pleasure.
Hey, look.
Where's that light coming from?
Does this mean
they're going home?
Oh, no!
Can you hear me, pal?
[Groans weakly]
I'm finally going home,
thanks to you, Chris.
Sonic, take me with you, please.
I don't want to stay here.
Not without you.
Ah, Sonic!
It's going to be okay.
I promise.
Sonic, please don't leave.
You're the best friend
I ever had.
I don't want you to go away!
[Crying]
I'll miss you so much!
Please, don't go!
Please!
You can't go!
[All groaning]
Huh?
Hey, long time no see.